Fix: Add links to open issues and PRs in CONTRIBUTING doc (#3588)
TheOdinProject/theodinproject: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Check Before Doing Anything

> It's important that you look through any open [issues](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/theodinproject/issues?page=1&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen) or [PRs](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/theodinproject/pulls) in a repo before attempting to submit a new issue or work on a change, regardless of the complexity. This will help avoid any duplicates from being made, as well as prevent more than one person working on the same thing at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important that you look through any open [issues](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/theodinproject/issues) or [pull requests](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/theodinproject/pulls) in a repo before attempting to submit a new issue or work on a change, regardless of the complexity. This will help avoid any duplicates from being made, as well as prevent more than one person working on the same thing at the same time.
```

Reviewer: Two minor suggestions - we can make the issue link a little shorter / cleaner and have it still point to the correct spot, and in the spirit of being more explicit / beginner friendly it might be a good chance to expand the 'PR' acronym.

What do you think?

Author: I didn't realize that the issues link would default to only open issues. I agree that's better. And I guess it makes sense that it does that, it's behaving the same as the default PR link. (And I tested it in an incognito window to make sure that's really what it's defaulting to, not that it was saving some kind of previous state or user preference.)

I also agree that using "pull request" instead of "PR" is more explicit and beginner friendly.

Thanks for the suggestions.
